config/footer.md, before:


---

## Related Resources

- [**Awesome**](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome): Awesome lists about all kinds of interesting topics

## Contribution

Contributions are encouraged and always welcome! If you like to add or update projects, choose one of the following ways:

- Open an issue by selecting one of the provided categories from the [issue page](https://github.com/best-of-lists/best-of/issues/new/choose) and fill in the requested information.
- Modify the [projects.yaml](https://github.com/best-of-lists/best-of/blob/main/projects.yaml) with your additions or changes, and submit a pull request. This can also be done directly via the [Github UI](https://github.com/best-of-lists/best-of/edit/main/projects.yaml).

If you like to contribute to or share suggestions regarding the project metadata collection or markdown generation, please refer to the [best-of-generator](https://github.com/best-of-lists/best-of-generator) repository. If you like to create your own best-of list, we recommend to follow [this guide](https://github.com/best-of-lists/best-of/blob/main/create-best-of-list.md).

For more information on how to add or update projects, please read the [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/best-of-lists/best-of/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md). By participating in this project, you agree to abide by its [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/best-of-lists/best-of/blob/main/.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## License

[![CC0](https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/by-sa.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)

Commit message:

Initial setup for best-of list

config/footer.md, after:


---

## Related Resources

- [**Best-of lists**](https://best-of.org): Discover other best-of lists with awesome open-source projects on all kinds of topics.

## Contribution

Contributions are encouraged and always welcome! If you like to add or update projects, choose one of the following ways:

- Open an issue by selecting one of the provided categories from the [issue page](https://github.com/jeromeza/ultimate-onboarding-best-of/issues/new/choose) and fill in the requested information.
- Modify the [projects.yaml](https://github.com/jeromeza/ultimate-onboarding-best-of/blob/main/projects.yaml) with your additions or changes, and submit a pull request. This can also be done directly via the [Github UI](https://github.com/jeromeza/ultimate-onboarding-best-of/edit/main/projects.yaml).

If you like to contribute to or share suggestions regarding the project metadata collection or markdown generation, please refer to the [best-of-generator](https://github.com/best-of-lists/best-of-generator) repository. If you like to create your own best-of list, we recommend to follow [this guide](https://github.com/best-of-lists/best-of/blob/main/create-best-of-list.md).

For more information on how to add or update projects, please read the [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/jeromeza/ultimate-onboarding-best-of/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md). By participating in this project, you agree to abide by its [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/jeromeza/ultimate-onboarding-best-of/blob/main/.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## License

[![CC0](https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/by-sa.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)
